hey guys it's me victor um yeah I don't
have a cold anymore um this video I'm
about to show you about on the
Invisibles game and just you know and
just so you know there's a brand new
game it just came out and I keep
searching in online it's called
invizimals shadow zone I can't find it
anywhere online I don't know why ok I'm
um here's um if you wanna um if you want
to trade me my my um username and
invisibles the first one um it's called
um fall hammer 09 just so you know fall
hammers your nine you might want to
pause this video to it so you can write
it down if you don't really want freedom
ok I don't know if you can see oh there
we go
I repeat the whole game already just so
you know I'm not trying to be on show up
but I'm just telling you I'm just
telling you
that's all I can show you because oh my
back literally oh well just to prove you
that I completed the entire the entire
one here's the mission here's the
mission that I've completed and to all
you want to get tiger sharks after you
beat the game go to camp camp Bell
cancel Castle whatever it's called but
it's a it's a castle camp hill castle
and after you beat the game um um
Kenny's Frant Kenny's friend um whatever
I don't know her name but I forgot her
name but she'll say she'll give you the
mission the last of the tiger sharks and
and you need to fight to find a boss
that you didn't that and it'll say you
didn't beat it yet but you already did
well i got mine from San yay but the one
would be elephant but beware his tiger
shark is level 11 but he when I battled
him he kept dodging all my attacks until
I finally got lucky and beat him I
people crap out of him so make sure you
take Vettel's with you because I thought
this would be just an easy piece of
attaboy
I finally learned that don't
underestimate a level one invisible so
beware and here the mission yeah just
prove the DIA
the last of the tiger sharks you can't
see all we can see one club leader keep
the last tiger shark fight until you get
it in Babel let me read that to me
respond to you one and one club leader
keep the last tiger shark fight until
you get it in battle capture our tiger
shark pup I already got the abysm look
at me
oh and by the way my last video I said I
was gonna make a spider-man shattered
dimensions video yeah I'll take my mate
I'll make it today after this video okay
see you later I mean see you later are
you invisible fans uh African